Vault server metrics:
1- Request processing:
	Why it's important:This is the key measure of Vault's response time.
	What to look for: Changes to the count or mean fields that exceed 50% of baseline values, or more than 3 standard deviations above baseline.

2- Write-ahead log processing:
	 Why they're important:The Vault write-ahead logs (WALs) are used to replicate Vault between clusters. Surprisingly, the WAL's are kept even if replication is not currently enabled. The WAL is purged every few seconds by a garbage collector. But if Vault is under heavy load, the WAL maystart to grow, putting pressure on Consul.
	 What to look for: If flushReady is over 500ms, or if persistWALs is over 1000ms

3- Seal status:
	Why they're important:By default, Vault is sealed on startup, so if this value changes to 0 during the day, Vault has restarted for some reason.And until it's unsealed, it won't answer requests from clients.
	What to look for: A value of 0 being reported by any host.

4- Memory Usage:
	Why they're important:Vault doesn't need as much memory as Consul, but if it does run out, it too will crash. You should also monitor totalavailable RAM to make sure some RAM is available for other processes, and swap usage should remain at 0% for best performance.
	What to look for:If sys_bytes exceeds 90% of, if total_bytes, mem.used_percent is over 90% or if swap.used_percent is greater than 0.

5- CPU usage:
	Why they're important: Encryption can place a heavy demand on CPU. If the CPU is too busy, Vault may have trouble keeping up with the
	incoming request load. You may also want to monitor each CPU individually to make sure requests are evenly balanced across all CPUs.
	What to look for: if cpu.iowait_cpu greater than 10%.

6- Network activity:
	Why they're important: A sudden spike in network traffic to Vault might be the result of a misconfigured client causing too many requests, or
	additional load you didn't plan for.
	What to look for: Sudden large changes to the net metrics (greater than 50% deviation from baseline).

7- Replication status:
	Why thet're important: A sudden spike in replication might be result of lag between primary and secondary cluster.
	What to look for: A sudden spike or no data in replication status graph.
	
8- Leadership changes:
	Why it's important: There should not be a leadership change unless the leader crashes or becomes otherwise unavailable. While the other
	servers elect a leader, Vault is unable to process any requests.
	What to monitor: Any value greater than 0 should cause an alert condition
